Fix battery charging (#28)
srobo/runbook: docs/competition/team-support/battery-charging.md

We (Student Robotics) manage the charging of all batteries at the competition. Battery Charging volunteers are responsible for ensuring that there is a continuous supply of charged batteries available for use by teams.

## Setup

### Equipment

> Most batteries and chargers will arrive with teams, but any batteries, bags, and chargers in inventory should be prepared during setup.

Reviewer: We should say somewhere that we're explicitly only using the IMAX chargers and what to do with the others (putting them in a box out the way is a valid option).

Author: Fixed in 3738771

There are two locations involved in battery charging. The equipment required at each is as listed below:

- Helpdesk
    - 1 x Discharged Battery Box (18L RUB), clearly labelled
    - 1 x Charged Battery Box (18L RUB), clearly labelled
    - 1 x LiPo Bag for damaged batteries, clearly labelled, red taped
    - At least one roll of red insulating tape
- Battery Charging Station
    - 1 x Discharged Battery Box (18L RUB), clearly labelled
    - 1 x Charged Battery Box (18L RUB), clearly labelled
    - 1 x Damaged battery box (18L RUB), clearly labelled, red taped
    - At least one roll of red insulating tape
    - A Radio for contacting the health and safety officer
    - Example good batteries (one brand new, one squidgy)
    - A copy of this document

### Safe Use of Battery Charging Equipment - Battery Charging Station

- There should be `0.5A` of mains electricity available per charger
- It should be ensured that any power distribution is setup properly and able to handle the current draw
- Additionally, there should be no trailing wires across the floor to prevent charging batteries falling on the floor

## Volunteer Requirements

> Every volunteer performing the Battery Charging role must have read this document fully. Any doubts must be raised with helpdesk ASAP.

Reviewer: Is helpdesk really the right place to raise this? Essentially the discussion I'd had on this previously was that issues should be raised within whoever trained the volunteer (as they're the person responsible for ensuring the volunteer can perform the task).

My other concern was that the people on helpdesk might not be able to help and would likely not know who to pass this on to, creating a dead-end.

Author: Okay I'll say whoever briefed you, failing that, the volunteer manager. Fixed in  5f667c2

If at any point you have any doubts about safety, immediately summon the Health & Safety officer over the radio.

## Procedures

### Swapping a team's battery - Helpdesk

Teams will bring discharged batteries to helpdesk and require a replacement charged battery. A Battery Charging volunteer should receive the discharged battery from the team and place it a battery bag in the discharged battery box. A charged battery should be removed from a battery bag in the the charged battery box and handed to the team. Do not allow teams to take batteries themselves - we want to prevent them from hoarding batteries.

### Swapping batteries - Shuffling

The volunteer that is running the battery charging station will periodically have to go and get discharged batteries from the helpdesk, simultaneously dropping off charged batteries. Helpdesk may also contact the volunteer over radio to do it sooner.

> The general schedule will go as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general schedule will go as follows:
```

The batteries themselves have many built-in safety features and, unless abused, are completely safe. All batteries undergoing charging must be placed inside a fireproof charging bag. In the extremely unlikely event of a fire due to a battery DO NOT attempt to tackle the fire - the batteries contain a flammable metal (Lithium) which cannot be safely tackled by most fire extinguishers.

If at any point you have any doubts about safety, immediately summon the Health & Safety officer over the radio.

## Procedures

### Swapping a team's battery - Helpdesk

Teams will bring discharged batteries to helpdesk and require a replacement charged battery. A Battery Charging volunteer should receive the discharged battery from the team and place it a battery bag in the discharged battery box. A charged battery should be removed from a battery bag in the the charged battery box and handed to the team. Do not allow teams to take batteries themselves - we want to prevent them from hoarding batteries.

### Swapping batteries - Shuffling

> The volunteer that is running the battery charging station will periodically have to go and get discharged batteries from the helpdesk, simultaneously dropping off charged batteries. Helpdesk may also contact the volunteer over radio to do it sooner.

Reviewer: Since the station is staffed by at least two people, perhaps phrase this as:
```suggestion
One of the volunteers that is running the battery charging station will periodically have to go and get discharged batteries from the helpdesk, simultaneously dropping off charged batteries. Helpdesk may also contact them over radio to do it sooner.
```
